README.md, before:

# Smite - Tunneling Control Panel

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="assets/SmiteD.png"/>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="assets/SmiteL.png"/>
    <img src="assets/SmiteL.png" alt="Smite Logo" width="200"/>
  </picture>
  
  **Modern tunnel management built on GOST, Backhaul, Rathole, Chisel, and FRP, featuring dual-node architecture, intuitive WebUI, real-time status tracking, and open-source freedom.**
  
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.11+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
  [![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.104+-009688.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
  [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18+-61DAFB.svg)](https://reactjs.org/)
  [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.0+-3178C6.svg)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
  [![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-24.0+-2496ED.svg)](https://www.docker.com/)
  [![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-1.25+-009639.svg)](https://www.nginx.com/)
  [![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-3.42+-003B57.svg)](https://www.sqlite.org/)
</div>

---

## 🚀 Features

- **Multiple Tunnel Types**: Support for TCP, UDP, WebSocket, gRPC, TCPMux via GOST, Backhaul, Rathole, Chisel, and FRP
- **Dual-Node Architecture**: Iran nodes act as servers, Foreign servers act as clients for reverse tunnels
- **Docker-First**: Easy deployment with Docker Compose
- **Web UI**: Modern, intuitive web interface with real-time connection status tracking
- **CLI Tools**: Powerful command-line tools for management
- **Node Support**: Easy reverse tunnel setup with Backhaul, Rathole, Chisel, and FRP nodes
- **GOST Forwarding**: Forward traffic from Iran nodes to Foreign servers with support for TCP, UDP, WebSocket, gRPC, and TCPMux

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- For Iran servers, install Docker first:
  ```bash
  curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manageitir/docker/main/install-ubuntu.sh | sh
  ```

---

## 🔧 Panel Installation

### Quick Install

```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zZedix/Smite/main/scripts/install.sh)"
```

### Manual Install

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/zZedix/Smite.git
cd Smite
```

2. Copy environment file and configure:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your settings
```
> **Tip**: To free ports `80/443` for tunnels, set `SMITE_HTTP_PORT` and `SMITE_HTTPS_PORT` in `.env`. Nginx will render its configuration from `nginx/default.conf.template` using these values.

3. Install CLI tools:
```bash
sudo bash cli/install_cli.sh
```

4. Start services:
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

5. Create admin user:
```bash
smite admin create
```

6. Access the web interface at `http://localhost:8000`

### CA Certificates

The panel generates two separate CA certificates:
- **`ca.crt`** / **`ca.key`**: Used for Iran nodes
- **`ca-server.crt`** / **`ca-server.key`**: Used for Foreign servers

Both certificates are available in the panel's `certs/` directory and can be downloaded from the Servers page in the web UI.

---

## 🖥️ Node Installation

> **Note**: Nodes are used for **Backhaul**, **Rathole**, **Chisel**, and **FRP** tunnels, providing easy reverse tunnel functionality. For GOST tunnels (TCP, UDP, WebSocket, gRPC, TCPMux), GOST runs on Iran nodes and forwards traffic to Foreign servers.

### Architecture

- **Iran Nodes**: Act as servers in reverse tunnels (Rathole, Backhaul, Chisel, FRP) and run GOST forwarders
- **Foreign Servers**: Act as clients in reverse tunnels and receive forwarded traffic from Iran nodes

### Quick Install

```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zZedix/Smite/main/scripts/smite-node.sh)"
```

The installer will prompt for:
- Panel CA certificate path (use `ca.crt` for Iran nodes, `ca-server.crt` for Foreign servers)
- Panel address (host:port)
- Node API port (default: 8888)
- Node name (default: node-1)
- Node role (iran or foreign)

### Manual Install

1. Navigate to node directory:
```bash
cd node
```

2. Copy Panel CA certificate:
```bash
mkdir -p certs
# For Iran nodes, use ca.crt
cp /path/to/panel/ca.crt certs/ca.crt
# For Foreign servers, use ca-server.crt
# cp /path/to/panel/ca-server.crt certs/ca.crt
```

3. Create `.env` file:
```bash
cat > .env << EOF
NODE_API_PORT=8888
NODE_NAME=node-1
PANEL_CA_PATH=/etc/smite-node/certs/ca.crt
PANEL_ADDRESS=panel.example.com:443
EOF
```

> **Note**: The panel validates node roles during registration. Each node must have a consistent role (iran or foreign) to prevent conflicts.

4. Start node:
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

---

## 🛠️ CLI Tools

### Panel CLI (`smite`)

**Admin Management:**
```bash
smite admin create      # Create admin user
smite admin update      # Update admin password
```

**Panel Management:**
```bash
smite status            # Show system status
smite update            # Update panel (pull images and recreate)
smite restart           # Restart panel (recreate to pick up .env changes)
smite logs              # View panel logs
```

**Configuration:**
```bash
smite edit              # Edit docker-compose.yml
smite edit-env          # Edit .env file
```

### Node CLI (`smite-node`)

**Node Management:**
```bash
smite-node status       # Show node status
smite-node update       # Update node (pull images and recreate)
smite-node restart      # Restart node (recreate to pick up .env changes)
smite-node logs         # View node logs
```

**Configuration:**
```bash
smite-node edit         # Edit docker-compose.yml
smite-node edit-env     # Edit .env file
```

---

## 📖 Tunnel Types

### GOST Tunnels (Iran Node Forwarding)
- **TCP**: Simple TCP forwarding
- **UDP**: UDP packet forwarding
- **WebSocket (WS)**: WebSocket protocol forwarding
- **gRPC**: gRPC protocol forwarding
- **TCPMux**: TCP multiplexing for multiple connections

GOST tunnels run on Iran nodes and forward traffic to Foreign servers. When creating a GOST tunnel, specify both an Iran node and a Foreign server. The Iran node will listen on the specified port and forward all traffic to the Foreign server's IP address and port.

### Backhaul Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
- **TCP / UDP**: Low-latency reverse tunnels with optional UDP-over-TCP
- **WS / WSMux**: WebSocket transports for CDN-friendly deployments
- **TCPMux**: TCP multiplexing support
- **Advanced Controls**: Configure multiplexing, keepalive, sniffer, and custom port maps per tunnel

Backhaul tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the Backhaul server, and Foreign servers run the Backhaul client. The panel automatically configures both nodes when creating a tunnel.

### Rathole Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
- **TCP**: Standard TCP reverse tunnel
- **WebSocket (WS)**: WebSocket transport support

Rathole tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the Rathole server, and Foreign servers run the Rathole client. The node connects to the panel, allowing you to expose services running on the Foreign server's network through the Iran node.

### Chisel Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
Chisel tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the Chisel server, and Foreign servers run the Chisel client. They provide fast TCP/UDP reverse tunnel functionality, enabling you to expose services running on the Foreign server's network through the Iran node with high performance.

### FRP Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
FRP (Fast Reverse Proxy) tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the FRP server (frps), and Foreign servers run the FRP client (frpc). They provide reliable TCP/UDP reverse tunnel functionality. FRP supports both TCP and UDP protocols, with optional IPv6 support for tunneling IPv6 traffic over IPv4 networks.

---

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 💰 Donations

If you find Smite useful and want to support its development, consider making a donation:

### Cryptocurrency Donations

- **Bitcoin (BTC)**: `bc1q637gahjssmv9g3903j88tn6uyy0w2pwuvsp5k0`
- **Ethereum (ETH)**: `0x5B2eE8970E3B233F79D8c765E75f0705278098a0`
- **Tron (TRX)**: `TSAsosG9oHMAjAr3JxPQStj32uAgAUmMp3`
- **USDT (BEP20)**: `0x5B2eE8970E3B233F79D8c765E75f0705278098a0`
- **TON**: `UQA-95WAUn_8pig7rsA9mqnuM5juEswKONSlu-jkbUBUhku6`

### Other Ways to Support

- ⭐ Star the repository if you find it useful
- 🐛 Report bugs and suggest improvements
- 📖 Improve documentation and translations
- 🔗 Share with others who might benefit

---

<div align="center">
  
  **Made with ❤️ by [zZedix](https://github.com/zZedix)**
  
  *Securing the digital world, one line of code at a time!*
  
</div>

Commit message:

feat: add dual transport support (TCP+UDP) for WireGuard mesh

README.md, after:

# Smite - Tunneling Control Panel

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="assets/SmiteD.png"/>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="assets/SmiteL.png"/>
    <img src="assets/SmiteL.png" alt="Smite Logo" width="200"/>
  </picture>
  
  **Modern tunnel management built on GOST, Backhaul, Rathole, Chisel, and FRP, featuring dual-node architecture, intuitive WebUI, real-time status tracking, and open-source freedom.**
  
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.11+-blue.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
  [![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-0.104+-009688.svg)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
  [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18+-61DAFB.svg)](https://reactjs.org/)
  [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.0+-3178C6.svg)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
  [![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-24.0+-2496ED.svg)](https://www.docker.com/)
  [![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-1.25+-009639.svg)](https://www.nginx.com/)
  [![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-3.42+-003B57.svg)](https://www.sqlite.org/)
</div>

---

## 🚀 Features

- **Multiple Tunnel Types**: Support for TCP, UDP, WebSocket, gRPC, TCPMux via GOST, Backhaul, Rathole, Chisel, and FRP
- **Dual-Node Architecture**: Iran nodes act as servers, Foreign servers act as clients for reverse tunnels
- **Docker-First**: Easy deployment with Docker Compose
- **Web UI**: Modern, intuitive web interface with real-time connection status tracking
- **CLI Tools**: Powerful command-line tools for management
- **Node Support**: Easy reverse tunnel setup with Backhaul, Rathole, Chisel, and FRP nodes
- **GOST Forwarding**: Forward traffic from Iran nodes to Foreign servers with support for TCP, UDP, WebSocket, gRPC, and TCPMux

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed
- For Iran servers, install Docker first:
  ```bash
  curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manageitir/docker/main/install-ubuntu.sh | sh
  ```

---

## 🔧 Panel Installation

### Quick Install

```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zZedix/Smite/main/scripts/install.sh)"
```

### Manual Install

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/zZedix/Smite.git
cd Smite
```

2. Copy environment file and configure:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your settings
```
> **Tip**: To free ports `80/443` for tunnels, set `SMITE_HTTP_PORT` and `SMITE_HTTPS_PORT` in `.env`. Nginx will render its configuration from `nginx/default.conf.template` using these values.

3. Install CLI tools:
```bash
sudo bash cli/install_cli.sh
```

4. Start services:
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

5. Create admin user:
```bash
smite admin create
```

6. Access the web interface at `http://localhost:8000`

### CA Certificates

The panel generates two separate CA certificates:
- **`ca.crt`** / **`ca.key`**: Used for Iran nodes
- **`ca-server.crt`** / **`ca-server.key`**: Used for Foreign servers

Both certificates are available in the panel's `certs/` directory and can be downloaded from the Servers page in the web UI.

---

## 🖥️ Node Installation

> **Note**: Nodes are used for **Backhaul**, **Rathole**, **Chisel**, and **FRP** tunnels, providing easy reverse tunnel functionality. For GOST tunnels (TCP, UDP, WebSocket, gRPC, TCPMux), GOST runs on Iran nodes and forwards traffic to Foreign servers.

### Node Types

Smite uses a **dual-node architecture**:

- **Iran Nodes**: 
  - Act as servers in reverse tunnels (Rathole, Backhaul, Chisel, FRP)
  - Run GOST forwarders
  - Receive overlay IPs from IPAM
  - Participate in WireGuard mesh
  - Use `ca.crt` certificate (from Nodes tab)

- **Foreign Servers**: 
  - Act as clients in reverse tunnels
  - Receive forwarded traffic from Iran nodes
  - Do NOT receive overlay IPs
  - Use `ca-server.crt` certificate (from Servers tab)

### Quick Install

```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zZedix/Smite/main/scripts/smite-node.sh)"
```

The installer will prompt for:
- Panel address (host:port)
- Panel port (default: 8000)
- Node API port (default: 8888)
- Node name (default: node-1)
- **Node role**: Choose `1` for Iran Node or `2` for Foreign Server
- **CA Certificate**: Paste the appropriate certificate
  - Iran nodes: Certificate from **Nodes** tab
  - Foreign servers: Certificate from **Servers** tab

### Manual Install

1. Navigate to node directory:
```bash
cd node
```

2. Copy Panel CA certificate:
```bash
mkdir -p certs
# For Iran nodes, use ca.crt (from Nodes tab)
cp /path/to/panel/ca.crt certs/ca.crt
# For Foreign servers, use ca-server.crt (from Servers tab)
# cp /path/to/panel/ca-server.crt certs/ca.crt
```

3. Create `.env` file:
```bash
cat > .env << EOF
NODE_API_PORT=8888
NODE_NAME=node-1
NODE_ROLE=iran
PANEL_CA_PATH=/etc/smite-node/certs/ca.crt
PANEL_ADDRESS=panel.example.com:443
PANEL_API_PORT=8000
EOF
```

> **Important**: Set `NODE_ROLE=iran` for Iran nodes or `NODE_ROLE=foreign` for Foreign servers. The panel validates node roles during registration.

4. Start node:
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

### Detailed Installation Guide

For comprehensive installation instructions, examples, and troubleshooting, see [INSTALLATION.md](INSTALLATION.md).

---

## 🛠️ CLI Tools

### Panel CLI (`smite`)

**Admin Management:**
```bash
smite admin create      # Create admin user
smite admin update      # Update admin password
```

**Panel Management:**
```bash
smite status            # Show system status
smite update            # Update panel (pull images and recreate)
smite restart           # Restart panel (recreate to pick up .env changes)
smite logs              # View panel logs
```

**Configuration:**
```bash
smite edit              # Edit docker-compose.yml
smite edit-env          # Edit .env file
```

### Node CLI (`smite-node`)

**Node Management:**
```bash
smite-node status       # Show node status
smite-node update       # Update node (pull images and recreate)
smite-node restart      # Restart node (recreate to pick up .env changes)
smite-node logs         # View node logs
```

**Configuration:**
```bash
smite-node edit         # Edit docker-compose.yml
smite-node edit-env     # Edit .env file
```

---

## 📖 Tunnel Types

### GOST Tunnels (Iran Node Forwarding)
- **TCP**: Simple TCP forwarding
- **UDP**: UDP packet forwarding
- **WebSocket (WS)**: WebSocket protocol forwarding
- **gRPC**: gRPC protocol forwarding
- **TCPMux**: TCP multiplexing for multiple connections

GOST tunnels run on Iran nodes and forward traffic to Foreign servers. When creating a GOST tunnel, specify both an Iran node and a Foreign server. The Iran node will listen on the specified port and forward all traffic to the Foreign server's IP address and port.

### Backhaul Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
- **TCP / UDP**: Low-latency reverse tunnels with optional UDP-over-TCP
- **WS / WSMux**: WebSocket transports for CDN-friendly deployments
- **TCPMux**: TCP multiplexing support
- **Advanced Controls**: Configure multiplexing, keepalive, sniffer, and custom port maps per tunnel

Backhaul tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the Backhaul server, and Foreign servers run the Backhaul client. The panel automatically configures both nodes when creating a tunnel.

### Rathole Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
- **TCP**: Standard TCP reverse tunnel
- **WebSocket (WS)**: WebSocket transport support

Rathole tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the Rathole server, and Foreign servers run the Rathole client. The node connects to the panel, allowing you to expose services running on the Foreign server's network through the Iran node.

### Chisel Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
Chisel tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the Chisel server, and Foreign servers run the Chisel client. They provide fast TCP/UDP reverse tunnel functionality, enabling you to expose services running on the Foreign server's network through the Iran node with high performance.

### FRP Tunnels (Reverse Tunnel)
FRP (Fast Reverse Proxy) tunnels use a dual-node architecture: Iran nodes run the FRP server (frps), and Foreign servers run the FRP client (frpc). They provide reliable TCP/UDP reverse tunnel functionality. FRP supports both TCP and UDP protocols, with optional IPv6 support for tunneling IPv6 traffic over IPv4 networks.

---

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 💰 Donations

If you find Smite useful and want to support its development, consider making a donation:

### Cryptocurrency Donations

- **Bitcoin (BTC)**: `bc1q637gahjssmv9g3903j88tn6uyy0w2pwuvsp5k0`
- **Ethereum (ETH)**: `0x5B2eE8970E3B233F79D8c765E75f0705278098a0`
- **Tron (TRX)**: `TSAsosG9oHMAjAr3JxPQStj32uAgAUmMp3`
- **USDT (BEP20)**: `0x5B2eE8970E3B233F79D8c765E75f0705278098a0`
- **TON**: `UQA-95WAUn_8pig7rsA9mqnuM5juEswKONSlu-jkbUBUhku6`

### Other Ways to Support

- ⭐ Star the repository if you find it useful
- 🐛 Report bugs and suggest improvements
- 📖 Improve documentation and translations
- 🔗 Share with others who might benefit

---

<div align="center">
  
  **Made with ❤️ by [zZedix](https://github.com/zZedix)**
  
  *Securing the digital world, one line of code at a time!*
  
</div>
